(core) - Expose client.subscription shortcut method (#838)
FormidableLabs/urql: docs/api/core.md

[Read more about how to use this API on the "Core Package"
page.](../concepts/core-package.md#one-off-queries-and-mutations)

### client.subscription

> This is similar to [`client.query`](#clientquery), but provides raw stream without `toPromise` method.
> 
> [Read more about how to use setup subscriptions](../advanced/subscriptions.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is similar to [`client.query`](#clientquery), but does not provide a `toPromise()` helper method on the streams it returns.

[Read more about how to use this API on the "Subscriptions" page.](../advanced/subscriptions.md)
```
